update to Octokit doc for direction to appropriate resources (#26058)
github/docs: content/rest/overview/libraries.md

---

## Official {% data variables.product.company_short %} Octokit libraries

> _If you have a specific Octokit issue, please open an `issue` in the corresponding Octokit repo. While `Official` repos are maintained by GitHub, they are open-source and community contributions are welcome 👍._

Reviewer: Some tweaks to align with the docs style:

```suggestion

{% note %}

**Note:** If you have a specific Octokit issue, please open an issue in the corresponding Octokit repository. Although the official Octokit repositories are maintained by {% data variables.product.company_short %}, they are open source and community contributions are welcome.

{% endnote %}
```
